Add DeepSeek integration blog (#3595)
opensearch-project/project-website: _community_members/vikash.md

---
short_name: vikash
name: Vikash Tiwari
github: Vikasht34
linkedin: vikash-tiwary-29b3bb30
photo: "/assets/media/community/members/vikash.jpg"
title: 'OpenSearch Community Member: Vikash Tiwari'
primary_title: Vikash Tiwari
breadcrumbs:
  icon: community
  items:
    - title: Community
      url: /community/index.html
    - title: Members
      url: /community/members/index.html
    - title: 'Vikash Tiwari&apos;s Profile'
      url: '/community/members/vikash-tiwari.html'
job_title_and_company: 'Senior Software Development Engineer at Amazon Web Services'
personas:
  - author
permalink: '/community/members/vikash-tiwari.html'
redirect_from: '/authors/vikash/'
---

> **Vikash Tiwari** is a Senior Software Development Engineer at Amazon Web Services, specializing in OpenSearch Vector Search. He is passionate about distributed systems, large-scale machine learning, scalable search architectures, and database internals. His expertise spans vector search, indexing optimizations, and efficient data retrieval, and he is deeply interested in learning and enhancing modern database systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Vikash Tiwari** is a Senior Software Development Engineer at AWS specializing in OpenSearch vector search. He is passionate about distributed systems, large-scale machine learning, scalable search architectures, and database internals. His expertise spans vector search, indexing optimizations, and efficient data retrieval, and he is deeply interested in learning and enhancing modern database systems.
```
